"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: - It is the courage to continue that counts." - — Winston S. Churchill
"It is better to fail in originality - than to succeed in imitation." - — Herman Melville
"The road to success and the road to failure - are almost exactly the same." - — Colin R. Davis
“Success usually comes to those - who are too busy looking for it.” - — Henry David Thoreau
“Develop success from failures - Discouragement and failure are two - of the surest stepping stones to success.” - —Dale Carnegie
"Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence." - —Calvin Coolidge
“There are three ways to ultimate success: - The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. - The third way is to be kind.” - —Mister Rogers
“Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self satisfaction - in knowing you made the effort to become - the best of which you are capable.” - —John Wooden
“I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.” - —Estée Lauder
“Success is getting what you want, - happiness is wanting what you get.” - ―W. P. Kinsella
“The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. - The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty." - — Winston Churchill
“Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.” - — Will Rogers
“You learn more from failure than from success. - Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.” - — Unknown 
“If you are working on something that you really care about, - you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.” - — Steve Jobs
“Experience is a hard teacher because - she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.” - ―Vernon Sanders Law
“To know how much there is to know - is the beginning of learning to live.” - —Dorothy West
“Goal setting is the secret to a compelling future.” - — Tony Robbins
“Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work in hand. - The sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus." - — Alexander Graham Bell
“Either you run the day or the day runs you.” - — Jim Rohn
“I’m a greater believer in luck, and I find - the harder I work the more I have of it.” - — Thomas Jefferson
“When we strive to become better than we are, - everything around us becomes better too.” - — Paulo Coelho
“Opportunity is missed by most people because - it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.” - — Thomas Edison
“Setting goals is the first step - in turning the invisible into the visible.” - — Tony Robbins
“It’s not about better time management. - It’s about better life management” - — Alexandra of The Productivity Zone
“Skill is only developed by hours and hours of work.” - – Usain Bolt
“A little progress each day adds up to big results.” - – Satya Nani
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” - – Walt Disney
“The beautiful thing about learning - is that nobody can take it away from you.” - – B.B. King
“Just one small positive thought in the morning - can change your whole day.” - – Dalai Lama
